Add new check attributes (#1149)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.2/reference/checks.md

type         | Integer
example      | {{< highlight shell >}}"splay_coverage": 90{{< /highlight >}}

### Check output truncation attributes

|max_output_size  | |
-------------|-------

> description  | Maximum output size, in bytes, that stored check outputs will have. When set to a non-zero value, check output will be truncated before being stored to etcd, if the output size is larger than this value. Filters, handlers, and mutators will still get access to the full check output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Maximum size, in bytes, of stored check outputs. When this attribute is set to a non-zero value, the Sensu backend truncates check outputs larger than this value before storing to etcd. `max_output_size` does not affect data sent to Sensu filters, mutators, and handlers.
```

required     | false

> type         | Integer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type         | Integer greater than zero
```

Author: It can also be zero :)

example      | {{< highlight shell >}}"max_output_size": 1024{{< /highlight >}}

|discard_output  | |
-------------|------

> description  | Discard check output after extracting metrics on the agent. No check output will be sent to the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Discard check output after extracting metrics. No check output will be sent to the Sensu backend.
```
